jellyfin/README.md, before:

# jellyfin - ⚠️ DEPRECATED

⚠️ **This chart is not maintained anymore. Please switch to using [k8s-at-home/jellyfin](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/tree/master/charts/stable/jellyfin) instead.**

![Version: 2.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 10.7.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-10.7.7-informational?style=flat-square)

Jellyfin Helm chart

**Homepage:** <https://jellyfin.org>

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add utkuozdemir https://utkuozdemir.org/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release utkuozdemir/jellyfin
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| additionalPorts | list | `[]` | Additional port definitions for the pod |
| additionalServicePorts | list | `[]` | Additional port definitions for the service |
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity for the pod assignment |
| dnsConfig | object | `{}` | DNS configuration for the pod |
| dnsPolicy | string | `"ClusterFirst"` | DNS policy for the pod |
| env | object | `{}` | Non-sensitive environment variables to be set in the pods. See the [application docs](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-jellyfin) |
| extraVolumeMounts | object | `{}` | Arbitrary extra volume mounts for the pod |
| extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Arbitrary extra volume definitions for the pod |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override fullname template with a string |
| hostNetwork | bool | `false` | Use host network |
| hostPort.enabled | bool | `false` | Use host port for the application |
| hostPort.port | int | `8096` | Host port to bind to |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"docker.io/linuxserver/jellyfin"` | Image repository |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Image tag (if not specified, defaults to the chart's appVersion) |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Image pull secrets |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the ingress |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Ingress class name |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Expose the app using an ingress |
| ingress.hosts | list | see [values.yaml](values.yaml) | Ingress hosts configuration |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | The TLS configuration for the Ingress |
| initContainers | list | `[]` | Init containers |
| livenessProbe | object | `{}` | Pod liveness probe |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override fullname template with a string (will prepend the release name) |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | The node selector for the deployment |
| persistence.config.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| persistence.config.annotations | object | `{}` | Config: Annotations for the claim |
| persistence.config.customVolume | object | `{}` | Config: Alternative data volume definition (e.g. nfs, hostPath). Used when `persistence.config.isPvc` is `false` |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `true` | Config: Enable persistence |
| persistence.config.existingClaim | string | `""` | Config: Name of the existing claim to be used for config |
| persistence.config.isPvc | bool | `true` | Config: Persistence type is pvc. When `false`, data volume definition is read from `persistence.config.customVolume` |
| persistence.config.size | string | `"2Gi"` | Config: Size for the claim |
| persistence.config.storageClass | string | `""` | Config: Storage class for the volume |
| persistence.data.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| persistence.data.annotations | object | `{}` | Data: Annotations for the claim |
| persistence.data.customVolume | object | `{}` | Data: Alternative data volume definition (e.g. nfs, hostPath). Used when `persistence.data.isPvc` is `false` |
| persistence.data.enabled | bool | `false` | Data: Enable persistence |
| persistence.data.existingClaim | string | `""` | Data: Name of the existing claim to be used |
| persistence.data.isPvc | bool | `true` | Data: Persistence type is pvc. When `false`, data volume definition is read from `persistence.data.customVolume` |
| persistence.data.size | string | `"64Gi"` | Data: Size for the claim |
| persistence.data.storageClass | string | `""` | Data: Storage class for the data volume |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Security context for the pods |
| port | int | `8096` |  |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"port":"http"}}` | Pod readiness probe |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas to run. Chart is not designed to scale horizontally, use at your own risk |
| resources | object | `{}` | The resource requests and limits of the container |
| secretEnv | object | `{}` | Sensitive environment variables to be set in the pods. See the [application docs](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-jellyfin) |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"add":["NET_ADMIN"]}}` | Security context for the container. NET_ADMIN capability is required for the VPN to work properly. |
| service.port | int | `8096` | Port for the service to use |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Type of the service |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| sidecarContainers | list | `[]` | Sidecar containers |
| strategy | object | `{"type":"Recreate"}` | Deployment strategy |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the pod assignment |

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters
can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml utkuozdemir/jellyfin
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Notes

Note that this is an un-opinionated chart regarding the configuration. What is meant by this is:
The chart passes the set of environment variables as-is into the container, using the `env` and `secretEnv` values.
This way we avoid mapping each and every configuration parameter to an explicitly
named chart parameter and provides a very flexible configuration.

## Upgrading Chart

```console
helm upgrade my-release utkuozdemir/jellyfin
```

_See [helm upgrade](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command documentation._

### Upgrading an existing Release to a new major version

A major chart version change (like 1.2.0 -> 2.0.0) indicates that
there is an incompatible breaking change needing manual actions.

### From 1.x to 2.x

On version 2.x, the app is backed by a deployment instead of a statefulset.

The values is largely refactored - pay attention to the changes on the `persistence` section.

It is recommended to start from a fresh install.

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Utku Özdemir | utkuozdemir@gmail.com | https://utkuozdemir.org |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-jellyfin>
* <https://github.com/utkuozdemir/helm-charts>

Commit message:

Add runtimeClassName to pod spec template.
This is needed to enable different runtime classes for the pod. In
jellyfin's case, the most common reason for this would be to enable the
nvidia container runtime, which can allow for nvidia hardware
acceleration within jellyfin.

jellyfin/README.md, after:

# jellyfin - ⚠️ DEPRECATED

⚠️ **This chart is not maintained anymore. Please switch to using [k8s-at-home/jellyfin](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/tree/master/charts/stable/jellyfin) instead.**

![Version: 2.0.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.0.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 10.7.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-10.7.7-informational?style=flat-square)

Jellyfin Helm chart

**Homepage:** <https://jellyfin.org>

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add utkuozdemir https://utkuozdemir.org/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release utkuozdemir/jellyfin
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| additionalPorts | list | `[]` | Additional port definitions for the pod |
| additionalServicePorts | list | `[]` | Additional port definitions for the service |
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity for the pod assignment |
| dnsConfig | object | `{}` | DNS configuration for the pod |
| dnsPolicy | string | `"ClusterFirst"` | DNS policy for the pod |
| env | object | `{}` | Non-sensitive environment variables to be set in the pods. See the [application docs](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-jellyfin) |
| extraVolumeMounts | object | `{}` | Arbitrary extra volume mounts for the pod |
| extraVolumes | list | `[]` | Arbitrary extra volume definitions for the pod |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override fullname template with a string |
| hostNetwork | bool | `false` | Use host network |
| hostPort.enabled | bool | `false` | Use host port for the application |
| hostPort.port | int | `8096` | Host port to bind to |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"docker.io/linuxserver/jellyfin"` | Image repository |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Image tag (if not specified, defaults to the chart's appVersion) |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Image pull secrets |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the ingress |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Ingress class name |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Expose the app using an ingress |
| ingress.hosts | list | see [values.yaml](values.yaml) | Ingress hosts configuration |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | The TLS configuration for the Ingress |
| initContainers | list | `[]` | Init containers |
| livenessProbe | object | `{}` | Pod liveness probe |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override fullname template with a string (will prepend the release name) |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | The node selector for the deployment |
| persistence.config.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| persistence.config.annotations | object | `{}` | Config: Annotations for the claim |
| persistence.config.customVolume | object | `{}` | Config: Alternative data volume definition (e.g. nfs, hostPath). Used when `persistence.config.isPvc` is `false` |
| persistence.config.enabled | bool | `true` | Config: Enable persistence |
| persistence.config.existingClaim | string | `""` | Config: Name of the existing claim to be used for config |
| persistence.config.isPvc | bool | `true` | Config: Persistence type is pvc. When `false`, data volume definition is read from `persistence.config.customVolume` |
| persistence.config.size | string | `"2Gi"` | Config: Size for the claim |
| persistence.config.storageClass | string | `""` | Config: Storage class for the volume |
| persistence.data.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| persistence.data.annotations | object | `{}` | Data: Annotations for the claim |
| persistence.data.customVolume | object | `{}` | Data: Alternative data volume definition (e.g. nfs, hostPath). Used when `persistence.data.isPvc` is `false` |
| persistence.data.enabled | bool | `false` | Data: Enable persistence |
| persistence.data.existingClaim | string | `""` | Data: Name of the existing claim to be used |
| persistence.data.isPvc | bool | `true` | Data: Persistence type is pvc. When `false`, data volume definition is read from `persistence.data.customVolume` |
| persistence.data.size | string | `"64Gi"` | Data: Size for the claim |
| persistence.data.storageClass | string | `""` | Data: Storage class for the data volume |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Security context for the pods |
| port | int | `8096` |  |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"port":"http"}}` | Pod readiness probe |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas to run. Chart is not designed to scale horizontally, use at your own risk |
| resources | object | `{}` | The resource requests and limits of the container |
| runtimeClass | string | The runtime class to be used for the pod. This is most commonly used to enable the nvidia runtime container for nvenc hardware acceleration in jellyfin. See the [application docs](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-jellyfin/#nvidia). |
| secretEnv | object | `{}` | Sensitive environment variables to be set in the pods. See the [application docs](https://docs.linuxserver.io/images/docker-jellyfin) |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"add":["NET_ADMIN"]}}` | Security context for the container. NET_ADMIN capability is required for the VPN to work properly. |
| service.port | int | `8096` | Port for the service to use |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Type of the service |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| sidecarContainers | list | `[]` | Sidecar containers |
| strategy | object | `{"type":"Recreate"}` | Deployment strategy |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the pod assignment |

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters
can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml utkuozdemir/jellyfin
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Notes

Note that this is an un-opinionated chart regarding the configuration. What is meant by this is:
The chart passes the set of environment variables as-is into the container, using the `env` and `secretEnv` values.
This way we avoid mapping each and every configuration parameter to an explicitly
named chart parameter and provides a very flexible configuration.

## Upgrading Chart

```console
helm upgrade my-release utkuozdemir/jellyfin
```

_See [helm upgrade](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command documentation._

### Upgrading an existing Release to a new major version

A major chart version change (like 1.2.0 -> 2.0.0) indicates that
there is an incompatible breaking change needing manual actions.

### From 1.x to 2.x

On version 2.x, the app is backed by a deployment instead of a statefulset.

The values is largely refactored - pay attention to the changes on the `persistence` section.

It is recommended to start from a fresh install.

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Utku Özdemir | utkuozdemir@gmail.com | https://utkuozdemir.org |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/linuxserver/docker-jellyfin>
* <https://github.com/utkuozdemir/helm-charts>
