nvidia-gpu-exporter/README.md, before:

# nvidia-gpu-exporter

![Version: 0.1.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.1.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.1.7-informational?style=flat-square)

Nvidia GPU exporter for prometheus using nvidia-smi binary to gather metrics.

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/utkuozdemir/nvidia_gpu_exporter>

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add utkuozdemir https://utkuozdemir.org/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release utkuozdemir/nvidia-gpu-exporter
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity for the pod assignment |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override fullname template with a string |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"docker.io/utkuozdemir/nvidia_gpu_exporter"` | Image repository |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Image tag (if not specified, defaults to the chart's appVersion) |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Image pull secrets |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the Ingress |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Ingress class name |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Expose the app using an Ingress |
| ingress.hosts.host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts.paths.path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts.paths.pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | The TLS configuration for the Ingress |
| log | object | `{"format":"logfmt","level":"info"}` | Log configuration |
| log.format | string | `"logfmt"` | Log format to be used by the exporter |
| log.level | string | `"info"` | Log level to be used by the exporter |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override fullname template with a string (will prepend the release name) |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | The node selector for the deployment |
| nvidiaSmiCommand | string | `"nvidia-smi"` | The command to run to get `nvidia-smi` compatible output. Can be custom path and/or args. |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Security context for the pods |
| port | int | `9835` | Port for the exporter to listen to |
| queryFieldNames | list | `["AUTO"]` | `nvidia-smi` fields to be queried by the exporter |
| resources | object | `{}` | The resource requests and limits of the container |
| securityContext | object | `{"privileged":true}` | Security context for the container. Privileged is required for the collector to work properly. |
| service.port | int | `9835` | Port for the service to use |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Type of the service |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| serviceMonitor | object | `{"additionalLabels":{},"bearerTokenFile":null,"enabled":false,"proxyUrl":"","relabelings":[],"scheme":"http","scrapeTimeout":"10s","tlsConfig":{}}` | Prometheus ServiceMonitor configuration |
| telemetryPath | string | `"/metrics"` | The path to expose the metrics from |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the pod assignment |
| volumeMounts | list | `[{"mountPath":"/dev/nvidiactl","name":"nvidiactl"},{"mountPath":"/dev/nvidia0","name":"nvidia0"},{"mountPath":"/usr/bin/nvidia-smi","name":"nvidia-smi"},{"mountPath":"/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libnvidia-ml.so","name":"libnvidia-ml-so"},{"mountPath":"/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libnvidia-ml.so.1","name":"libnvidia-ml-so-1"}]` | The container mount configurations for the volumes |
| volumes | list | `[{"hostPath":{"path":"/dev/nvidiactl"},"name":"nvidiactl"},{"hostPath":{"path":"/dev/nvidia0"},"name":"nvidia0"},{"hostPath":{"path":"/usr/bin/nvidia-smi"},"name":"nvidia-smi"},{"hostPath":{"path":"/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libnvidia-ml.so"},"name":"libnvidia-ml-so"},{"hostPath":{"path":"/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libnvidia-ml.so.1"},"name":"libnvidia-ml-so-1"}]` | The volumes to mount from the host |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Utku Özdemir | uoz@protonmail.com | https://utkuozdemir.org |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/utkuozdemir/helm-charts>

Commit message:

Release nvidia-gpu-exporter chart version 0.3.0

nvidia-gpu-exporter/README.md, after:

# nvidia-gpu-exporter

![Version: 0.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.2.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Nvidia GPU exporter for prometheus using nvidia-smi binary to gather metrics.

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/utkuozdemir/nvidia_gpu_exporter>

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add utkuozdemir https://utkuozdemir.org/helm-charts
$ helm install my-release utkuozdemir/nvidia-gpu-exporter
```

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity for the pod assignment |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override fullname template with a string |
| hostPort.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable hostPort |
| hostPort.port | int | `9835` | The hostPort to listen to |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"docker.io/utkuozdemir/nvidia_gpu_exporter"` | Image repository |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Image tag (if not specified, defaults to the chart's appVersion) |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Image pull secrets |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the Ingress |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Ingress class name |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Expose the app using an Ingress -- **Note:** Scraping the ingress -- will yield incomplete metrics since each DaemonSet pod is -- exposing the metrics of the GPU on the node it is on |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | The TLS configuration for the Ingress |
| log.format | string | `"logfmt"` | Log format to be used by the exporter |
| log.level | string | `"info"` | Log level to be used by the exporter |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override fullname template with a string (will prepend the release name) |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | The node selector for the deployment |
| nvidiaSmiCommand | string | `"nvidia-smi"` | The command to run to get `nvidia-smi` compatible output. Can be custom path and/or args. |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for the pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Security context for the pods |
| port | int | `9835` | Port for the exporter to listen to |
| queryFieldNames | list | `["AUTO"]` | `nvidia-smi` fields to be queried by the exporter |
| resources | object | `{}` | The resource requests and limits of the container |
| securityContext | object | `{"privileged":true}` | Security context for the container. Privileged is required for the collector to work properly. |
| service.nodePort | string | `nil` | The node port to use if service type is NodePort or LoadBalancer. |
| service.port | int | `9835` | Port for the service to use |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Type of the service |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| serviceMonitor | object | see [values.yaml](values.yaml) | Prometheus PodMonitor configuration |
| telemetryPath | string | `"/metrics"` | The path to expose the metrics from |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for the pod assignment |
| volumeMounts | list | see [values.yaml](values.yaml) | The container mount configurations for the volumes |
| volumes | list | see [values.yaml](values.yaml) | The volumes to mount from the host |

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| Utku Özdemir | uoz@protonmail.com | https://utkuozdemir.org |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/utkuozdemir/helm-charts>
